docs(cloud-integration): Fix documentation defects cloud integration resources (#2649)
newrelic/terraform-provider-newrelic: website/docs/r/cloud_aws_integrations.html.markdown

  }
  aws_direct_connect {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_fsx {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_glue {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_kinesis_analytics {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_media_convert {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_media_package_vod {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_mq {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_msk {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_neptune {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_qldb {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_route53resolver {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]
    metrics_polling_interval = 300
  }
  aws_states {
    aws_regions              = ["us-east-1"]

>     metrics_polling_interval = 6000

Reviewer: This might need a correction to a value that is not 6000

Reviewer: @abasha1234 just to be clear: please change the `metrics_polling_interval` to a value that is not 6000 (since 6000 is invalid). This must be fitting in some category (of 300 or 900 or 3600 seconds of its minimum polling interval), so please identify that from the below list and change 6000 to the right value accordingly.

Author: updated the metrics_polling_interval for `aws_states` to 300

* `account_id` - (Optional) The New Relic account ID to operate on.  This allows the user to override the `account_id` attribute set on the provider. Defaults to the environment variable `NEW_RELIC_ACCOUNT_ID`.
* `linked_account_id` - (Required) The ID of the linked AWS account in New Relic.

> The following arguments are supported with minimum metrics polling interval of 300 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 300 seconds.
```

Author: updated the document

* `iot` - (Optional) AWS IoT. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `kinesis_firehose` - (Optional) Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `lambda` - (Optional) AWS Lambda. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `rds` - (Optional) Amazon RDS. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `redshift` - (Optional) Amazon Redshift. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `route53` - (Optional) Amazon Route 53. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `s3` - (Optional) Amazon S3. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `ses` - (Optional) Amazon SES. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `sns` - (Optional) AWS SNS. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `sqs` - (Optional) AWS SQS. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `x_ray` - (Optional) AWS X-Ray. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
x

> The following arguments are supported with minimum metrics polling interval of 900 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 900 seconds.
```

* `ebs` - (Optional) Amazon EBS. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `kinesis` - (Optional) AWS Kinesis. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.

> The following arguments are supported with minimum metrics polling interval of 3600 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 3600 seconds.
```

Author: Thanks for the feedback @pranav-new-relic , updated the document

* `billing` - (Optional) AWS Billing. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.
* `trusted_advisor` - (Optional) AWS Trusted Advisor. See [Integration blocks](#integration-blocks) below for details.

All other arguments are dependent on the services to be integrated, which have been listed in the collapsible section below. All of these are **optional** blocks that can be added in any required combination. **For details on arguments that can be used with each service, check out the [`Integration` blocks](#integration-blocks) section below.**
<details>

>   <summary>Expand this section to view all supported AWS services supported, that may be integrated via this resource.</summary>

Reviewer: @abasha1234 a tiny request - can you please move the contents of this section (the table comprising a list of all supported integrations, in this summary section) to a different heading before "Argument Reference"? 

i.e. delete this <details> and <summary> block and above the "Argument Reference" section, let's add something like

```
## Supported AWS Integrations
<details>
<summary>Expand this list to view AWS integrations/services which can be configured with New Relic via this resource.</summary>

| Block                   | Description                   |
|-------------------------|-------------------------------|
| `alb`                   | ALB Integration               |
| `api_gateway`           | API Gateway Integration       |
| `auto_scaling`          | Auto Scaling Integration      |
| `aws_app_sync`          | AppSync Integration           |
| `aws_athena`            | Athena Integration            |
| `aws_cognito`           | Cognito Integration           |
| `aws_connect`           | Connect Integration           |
| `aws_direct_connect`    | Direct Connect Integration    |
| `aws_fsx`               | FSx Integration               |
| `aws_glue`              | Glue Integration              |
| `aws_kinesis_analytics` | Kinesis Analytics Integration |
| `aws_media_convert`     | MediaConvert Integration      |
| `aws_media_package_vod` | Media Package VOD Integration |
| `aws_mq`                | MQ Integration                |
| `aws_msk`               | MSK Integration               |
| `aws_neptune`           | Neptune Integration           |
| `aws_qldb`              | QLDB Integration              |
| `aws_route53resolver`   | Route53 Resolver Integration  |
| `aws_states`            | States Integration            |
| `aws_transit_gateway`   | Transit Gateway Integration   |
| `aws_waf`               | WAF Integration               |
| `aws_wafv2`             | WAFv2 Integration             |
| `billing`               | Billing Integration           |
| `cloudfront`            | CloudFront Integration        |
| `cloudtrail`            | CloudTrail Integration        |
| `doc_db`                | DocumentDB Integration        |
| `dynamodb`              | DynamoDB Integration          |
| `ebs`                   | EBS Integration               |
| `ec2`                   | EC2 Integration               |
| `ecs`                   | ECS Integration               |
| `efs`                   | EFS Integration               |
| `elasticache`           | ElastiCache Integration       |
| `elasticbeanstalk`      | Elastic Beanstalk Integration |
| `elasticsearch`         | Elasticsearch Integration     |
| `elb`                   | ELB Integration               |
| `emr`                   | EMR Integration               |
| `health`                | Health Integration            |
| `iam`                   | IAM Integration               |
| `iot`                   | IoT Integration               |
| `kinesis`               | Kinesis Integration           |
| `kinesis_firehose`      | Kinesis Firehose Integration  |
| `lambda`                | Lambda Integration            |
| `rds`                   | RDS Integration               |
| `redshift`              | Redshift Integration          |
| `route53`               | Route53 Integration           |
| `s3`                    | S3 Integration                |
| `ses`                   | SES Integration               |
| `sns`                   | SNS Integration               |
| `sqs`                   | SQS Integration               |
| `trusted_advisor`       | Trusted Advisor Integration   |
| `vpc`                   | VPC Integration               |
| `x_ray`                 | X-Ray Integration             |
</details>
```

</details>

## Argument Reference

-> **WARNING:** Starting with [v3.27.2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/newrelic/newrelic/3.27.2) of the New Relic Terraform Provider, updating the `linked_account_id` of a `newrelic_cloud_aws_integrations` resource that has been applied would **force a replacement** of the resource (destruction of the resource, followed by the creation of a new resource). Please carefully review the output of `terraform plan`, which would clearly indicate a replacement of this resource, before performing a `terraform apply`.

* `account_id` - (Optional) The New Relic account ID to operate on.  This allows the user to override the `account_id` attribute set on the provider. Defaults to the environment variable `NEW_RELIC_ACCOUNT_ID`.
* `linked_account_id` - (Required) The ID of the linked AWS account in New Relic.

> The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum metrics polling interval of 300 seconds

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following arguments/integration blocks are intended to be used with a minimum `metrics_polling_interval` of 300 seconds.
```

(thanks for correcting this, but this is still not exactly in the format I've mentioned - just trying to make sure this sentence has appropriate punctuation)

Author: updated the document, kindly review

All `integration` blocks support the following common arguments:

> * `metrics_polling_interval` - (Optional) The data polling interval **in seconds**.
> 
> -> **NOTE** For more information kindly refer to [amazon-integrations](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/amazon-integrations/get-started/introduction-aws-integrations/) documentaion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `metrics_polling_interval` - (Optional) The data polling interval in **seconds**.

-> **NOTE** For more information on the ranges of metric polling intervals of each of these integrations, head over to [this page](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/amazon-integrations/get-started/introduction-aws-integrations/) in New Relic's documentation on AWS integrations.
```

All `integration` blocks support the following common arguments:

* `metrics_polling_interval` - (Optional) The data polling interval **in seconds**.

> -> **NOTE** For more information on the ranges of metric polling intervals of each of these integrations, head over to [this page](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/amazon-integrations/get-started/introduction-aws-integrations/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE** For more information on the ranges of metric polling intervals of each of these integrations, head over to [this page](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/infrastructure/amazon-integrations/get-started/introduction-aws-integrations/).
```
